'I just did a major recode on this because there were a couple of weird
'bugs with teh auth url bit and things felt a bit sloppy ( i coded the
'original over a year ago so!) ...anyway this UI is more streamlined
' as soon asyou drop a file in the serve file textbox the server comes online
'if your port 80 is already running somthing it will not liek it :P
'i am still recoding this is an in between edition so come back in a week
'and everythign should be ironed otu again : )  -Sept 20 2001


What is this Capable of ?

1) this is a specialized web server that will only reply to a single
url that you Authorize. If anyone tries to probe to see what
files are available on the server....thier query will be redirected to
another server of your choice and you will be notified of there attempts

2) it can serve pictures, html pages and text documents directly

3) it can redirect browsers connectign to you to any URL you want
without there browser needing to have its scripting enabled.your
connection need not be bogged down with having to serve up pictures
and other data... also you can redirect there request anywhere, which
means that you could send an intial request for an image and turn it
into them triggering a cgi script some (nuke me scripts..whatever).

4) it can Authenticate browsers with custom realm information and then 
auto redirect them to a given url. Also it should be noted that this
is designed so that once they have been authorized they will not be 
again. This is to prevent people from 'figuring out' where the 
authorization prompt originated from by re-requesting the Url

5) log IP connections, user agent Info, telnet attempts, system probing,
as well as decode any responses given to the web authentication challange
All data is stored in a list view and can be copied directly to the clip
board. 

6) if it detects anyone teleneting to it, it will first spam 
their terminal , disconnect them and notify you

7) some day this will also support cgi scripting and be able to shell
out processes to the windows script host,however that day is not now.

8) how to get the people there....and why to use a long URL as your 
Authorized URL?
   a) give them a link to you or better yet post an image with your URL
     in it so that there browsers will automatically connect to you 
     requesting the image.(and umm if you are supposedly sendign an image
     ti is always wise to make your url look legit and end in an image type
     extension as well as redirect them to the actual image. IF you do this
     right...the URL wont raise a thought in even a careful surfers mind)
     which brings us to the next point....
   b) why the long URL? why is:

         http://my_ip/mardi-gras/preview/picts/0047.jpg  waaayyy better than  
         http://my_ip/rookie.jpg                         ?

      how many of us have ftp rights to the root directories...I know alot of
      dont need this pointed out...but some do...waaaayyyy to often I have seen
      people not even thinkign about it...dont assume people dont look....cause
      the ones you dont want to notice you DO LOOK.

9) I made this out of curosity to see what could be done with some creative http
headers as well as a nosey identy confirmation tool,whatever you choose to do with
it is your business. But stealing other peoples logins or nuking or disconnecting
people from the net is going to get people pissed, and you never know who or what
is out there....so it is highly unadvised.


10) what can I learn from the programing? 
    a)Decent function for creating httpheaders on the fly see how they work and
        what a valid http header request looks like for various functions
    b)see the creation of several custom objects and how to hold them in an array
        and create new instances as needed
    c)winsock programming- see the tcp 3pt handshake in progress, how to load new
        sockets as they are needed, when and how to manage an array of sockets as
        you serve up data
    d)get to see a couple very eccentric subs and functions that were turned into
        "Macgyver" functions as I added on lazily *L*


11) What is set DynDNS option and why would I want to use it ?

    The reason i was using dynamic dns was because it is better than
giving own ip..once you place your own ip in a xss hit, it is there
in the records and you may not be able to ever hide tracks...if you use
dynamic dns name....you cna redirect that address to be anywhere to 
legit resource so it will not even look like xss trick was being used
after you are done playing with it . Plus for security to not lead back
to you so easily




    